c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\ImalWebUtilities.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\ImalWebUtilities.pdb
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\EPPlus.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\Simple.Data.Ado.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\Simple.Data.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\Simple.Data.Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\EPPlus.xml
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\log4net.xml
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\obj\Debug\ImalWebUtilities.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\obj\Debug\ImalWebUtilities.pdb
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\AjaxControlToolkit.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\AjaxMin.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\ar\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\cs\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\de\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\es\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\fr\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\he\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\hi\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\it\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\ja\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\ko\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\nl\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\pl\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\pt\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\ru\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\tr-TR\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\zh-CHS\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\zh-CHT\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\afolabiv\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\afolabiv\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ImalWebUtilities\ImalWebUtilities\obj\Debug\ImalWebUtilities.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
